# Introduction to Sparks Compute Engine

The SPARKS PLATFORM: WHAT IS IT? Logicdrop Sparks is a platform and open API for rapidly building data analytics, automation, and dynamic content solutions. Logicdrop Sparks is an intelligent platform for rapidly building enterprise-class automation, analytics, and dynamic content solutions. Sparks provides a suite of powerful, reusable, production-ready components that can be assembled to solve a variety of use cases with little to no code. Building with Sparks is a great way for companies to introduce themselves to automation without the considerable investment and risk in building a technology stack from the ground up. Proven use cases for Sparks include delivering learned insights from existing data, dynamic assembly of complex documents, content automation, and IoT applications. HOW IT WORKS Sparks is hosted completely in the cloud on scalable infrastructure, with an option for on-premise deployments using Docker containers. The service is comprised of many micro-services which can be subscribed to separately or composed together to form powerful solutions to complex problems. From augmenting existing business systems to providing the entire back-end infrastructure for a rapid prototype, Sparks delivers. THE BENEFITS Time-to-market: Reduce the time-to-market for new automation and dynamic content solutions dramatically by composing Sparks services together to solve complex use cases which would take months or even years to develop. Zero dev-ops: Instantly stage and clone rule containers, control the scale, and monitor performance metrics from a single dashboard. This saves countless hours and dedicated human resources. Simplicity: Define business rules using familiar tools like Microsoft Excel, and deploy rule containers with an easy file upload. Extensibility: Our modular platform design allows easy integration with existing business processes and applications. Our comprehensive developer API allows applications to invoke any Sparks feature directly for seamless integration.

